Hi, I'm Tom and you are today
for dinner we cook salmon.
Not by the oven or on a plateau or something ordinary,
today I will use the skills of this:
Everyday, homemade dishwasher.
The idea of ​​cooking salmon in a dishwasher has been here for a long time.
Bob Blumer, "Absurd Gourmet"
says he has cooked salmon in more than 100 dishwashers on three continents.
And actors and chefs in one, Vincent Pric
is claimed to have once cooked him at Tonight Show by Johnny Carson.
But anywhere on the Internet there is still no evidence uploaded to video,
so I thought it worthwhile to try.
Provided that you wrap the fish very tightly in aluminum foil
there should be no danger to the dishwasher.
I say it mainly because it's my landlord's dishwasher
and probably will watch this video.
I drank it with oil, added salmon and then
I spent two minutes carefully wrapping and pressing the foil to make sure it was airtight.
I had to be sure there was no water or detergent to get inside
and that no piece of salmon gets out.
Well then I put the package in the dishwasher,
added a capsule of detergent,
set it to normal mode and turned it on.
...And now...
I'll wait!
Occasionally I looked in, in case he would
there was some salmon explosion inside.
Now it was about half an hour and everything looks good,
the foil is in its entirety and there is no salmon on the inside of the dishwasher,
so I would say it's okay.
Finally, the time has come for the moment of truth.
Oh, well, steam. Uff.
When I broke my glasses, I removed the salmon.
It was hot.
Ha. Oh, yeah. Au.
Carefully I unpack the pack.
The inside was dry, nothing seemed to be soaked,
nothing from the outside did not smell a dovetail.
But I did not know what to find inside.
Salmon destroyed by saponate?
A raw fish that was just lukewarm on the edges?
Or maybe, maybe just ...
Oh, look at it!
It seems to be perfect.
When I transferred it to a plate, it split into two pieces,
but it turned out to be light pink and inside and thoroughly cooked.
And here is the main question:
How does it taste?
Perfect.
Dear children: Brewing salmon in your parents' laundry is fun.
Dear children: Brewing salmon in your parents' laundry is fun. (But first ask them)
Translated by Xeotroid / Translated by Xeotroid